oh the tables have turned my friends
this past week the weather has been mid
60's and it's been just lovely but I
just took out the trash and it's so cold
you all know I've been nervous about
winter in New York it's not insane yet
but once the snow starts coming down
I'll get back to you I'm about to
venture out into the cold to hang with
some peeps someone a familiar face will
be in today's vlog
also check out this like fire code so
the inside is so soft one of my homies a
nuestra out about winter and connected
me to some people at Hallie ha ha Holly
isn't how Halle Halle hat hands Helly
Hansen I don't that's a good tongue
twister Helly Hansen they make coats and
stuff and so they send me this like fire
parka types I'm not getting paid to say
this or anything I just want to say
thank you
because it's fire and it's going to keep
me so work
guys look who I'm with it's been sirs
YouTube how long how was all a crazy
enough to stay for three weeks yeah yeah
so now he's back in New York for a
little bit I'm here the Scheffer squad
oh my gosh Sam yeah I have one question
for you yeah how salty I yeah I hear do
you want these years ago oh thank you
yeah but you know so those people cause
they're all yeah but it looks
they look peachy they like peachy and
pink they lucky we just walked by this
window and they're just cats just cats
chillin oh my gosh
good kitten yeah but you can go pet them
if you ask can we pet them oh my gosh
yeah hi oh my gosh look how chill they
are hi oh my gosh
hi sweetie hi oh my gosh this is exactly
what I've needed
I miss my cat so much at home I'm in
heaven
I'm just in a room full of cats I don't
think my people know that I love cats
this might be a because people are
opinionated about cats and dogs do you
like dogs also listen take sides look I
think if you like both it's okay I love
dogs but I never owned a dog cuz I don't
want to walk them I want to clean up
with who cats are just easier if I
didn't travel as much I would own a cat
look at that okay this one is my
favorite cut if I move into a new
apartment that doesn't allow pets and
I'm going to give up the cat
bro dude just do a kickflip straight up
just a kickflip just for 44 right now
and it is so dark for 44 in this so it
looks like nice don't oh man
feels like we're all about going a up so
I'm recording right now this is the
future this is the present damn snapchat
how come good things at the squad it's
good to see Eric again good to hang with
Shepherd Rose I got some Starbucks hot
chocolate oh my home cuz why not right
living my best life I have some editing
to do I have to just catch up on emails
I've been ignoring it for so long I'll
see you guys tomorrow
snapchat spectacles are sunglasses with
a camera in them you snapchat directly
from the glasses and the only way to get
them is via a vending machine called a
snap bot at the end of a countdown on
their website they announced the
location at 6:00 a.m. this morning a
snap bot landed in New York City
still dark outside
pulse is released
I'm headed that way
in the chaos I forgot my helmet it's not
die
like freaking out kook update my hands
are frozen I'm almost there
oh you're sure yes here it is
look at this case
sam johnson he's got some very friends
the New York City snap squat fit me like
an actual shop there's one button here
and the light actually isn't that long
it's 6:30 to right now and I feel fine
update
look it's me I'm stuck with six people
to go
the line is officially
and next in Iowa
Hey look freaking crazy right now I got
no I got the specs that is 7:30 a.m. it
open at 6:00 a.m. I was fully xx Kirsten
life and it took about an hour at 6:30
all right let's go see what the line is
outside so it's fully cued up inside
as a lion is farmed outside what's up
I'm so stoked that I got spectacles I
came to New York so this is snapchats
first like pop-up shop so they're
actually going to be in New York through
New Year's Eve at this location as we
tried by the Apple Store Midtown Upper
East Side so they'll be open to the
holidays closed on Thanksgiving yeah I'm
just so stoked that I got some it was a
it was a very cold booster board right
up here at 6:15 a.m. in the morning I'm
leaving it's around 7:30 and yeah I'm
stoked I got spectacles I'm just yeah no
it's just I care more that you're open
yeah I'm fine all right this is like a
$1,500 longboard that's broken now yeah
I get it
yeah I'm more concerned about you than
the skateboard yeah I'm right like I
told no I'm good I'm good at all right I
just yeah
it's just totally rekt it's it says it
spare just I want to be sure you know it
says it's paired it says taxis paired
well I thought CDI usually I see here
but now I have a screen here yeah I know
I know
but it says on this long and it is I'm
give him some cash I know I use curved
hang in there the day can't get worse
yeah yes I'm just glad that you weren't
hurt yourself so I have my help
I can give you a ride to get you where
yes thank you feel badly thank you
sign your phone says it's Karen listen
if it's not paired you just hit her so
deal with that but if it is it says it's
paired alright thank you
good luck Thanks have a good one
she's got friggin home meeting
spectacles a taxi cab just hit me I was
writing down um the the lights you know
the pedestrian lights they don't they
have like all shook they have the
walking man the stop sign like the stop
hand and then I also have like the green
bike and so the green bike is exposed to
mean like we have the right away we're
going and so there were people walking
across the street had the green bike and
this taxi cab that was just chillin
waiting for his right away and so I was
going along with the people and
literally the moment that the person
like cleared the the street the taxi cab
just punched it and turned left didn't
see me like he almost ran over the chick
crossing the street I was like right
next to her um and I just smacked right
into the cab my booster board went
underneath the taxi cab and he ran it
over my board is just completely
dominated so that's the aftermath
jeez do you think that's fixable Oh
fantastic
his fines too cold to ride anyway
freakin old taxicab driver what's so
amazing is the taxicab driver did not
apologize once oh the girl inside of the
taxi cab was so apologetic she was so
sweet she's like oh my gosh Charisse oh
I'm so sorry are you okay I'm like you
have nothing to apologize about
but she like bought my cab ride home and
so she was really sweet can't say the
same for the taxi driver it's very windy
and cold today so good I woke up a
little bit sore I know I said I wasn't
hurt yesterday
turns out hitting hitting a taxicab
makes you sort
I love the hood on this jacket I always
feel like a a Jedi like a Jedi from Star
Wars crap I just realized I forgot my
bike
well my bike is Sean somewhere on Fifth
Avenue locked up but well this morning
had a great meeting about what kind of
the next season a creative spaces TV is
going to look like that is a docu-series
that I make that lives on this channel
so I'm kind of you would say in like pre
pre pro for that right now but you're
seeing this on a Wednesday I'm going to
try to every Monday Wednesday Friday now
post a vlog just like a normal blog so
I'm going to try to vlog more and then
when I have the special videos I want to
put out like tech or that creative life
or creative spaces TV or just any
special video like an editing tutorial
I'll try to put those outside of my
Monday Wednesday Friday schedule just
cuz I know a lot of you guys love the
vlogs and there is kind of a hole in
your heart for a special vlogger that
isn't posting right now so I'm going to
try to put out as much stuff as possible
I just wanted to say like hey I'm
posting five times a week but then not
be able to deliver so yeah every Monday
Wednesday and Friday there will be a new
vlog and then you know videos like $300
Apple book or special camera view or a
premier editing tutorial which I'm going
to do soon those will be special videos
that you might get on a Thursday or a
Saturday and feel surprised there are
bruises that have started to form on my
knees let me reenact to this for you
guys so pretend the wall is the taxi
writing boosted word taxi can't stop you
slow down a little wasn't able to slow
down in time and yeah it's pretty much
how happen just like my entire body it
was just like plop so
well sort oh my gosh also I've been so
busy I haven't even unboxed my new
snapchat
spectacles yet oh these are mine I'm so
excited okay how do I look guys so if
you guys do not follow me on snapchat
yet you have to follow me it is just my
name stare DG I'll put the snapchat code
up right now follow me on snapchat I'm
gonna gonna do some fun stuff over there
oh my gosh
fam I have one more thing one more very
important thing to share with you before
I conclude today's vlog so I have these
Wi-Fi controlled light bulbs but the
coolest thing that I just discovered you
can go into effects and you can strobe
are you ready for this are you all ready
to get turnt already whoa how amazing is
that I bet my neighbors are like what is
going on in there I will see you guys on
Friday let me know if you like this
video hit that subscribe button down
below or on my face on the in screen and
I hope you guys have a great
Thanksgiving and all that stay PG okay
bye
I'm selling it all selling it all
quit filmmaking just kidding just
kidding for vlogging enjoy the time I
just use my Sony rx100 mark 5